Allen McK  0:00  
already granted the last few months, maybe 33. But anyway, you know, so like, I'm unable to pull myself out because I have to. I can't do this by myself. Oh my gosh, it would be terrible. walk all over me with strange arguments. You know, obviously you need a lawyer and thank you for did a great job. I appreciate that.

Gorsha Sur  0:21  
Well, thank you. I think I think another argument that we need to address here and that was made in their request for orders is that she allegedly supported you through the law through the medical school and, and including the time over your residency of four years of residency. So and that's, I mean, my brother, he is a surgeon so I know what he went through with medical school and then his residency and I know that he was in res as IT resident he was receiving some, you know, some money and his wife, they were living. They were living in Seattle at the time, you know, and they were renting an apartment, you know, two bedroom apartment in downtown Seattle, so, so I know that he was making money and I and I know that you're making money for four years of your residency. So in fact, there was only a one year of your medical school when you were not working and she was working. So and then after the time, beginning of 2011, I believe when you went into residency you started actually contributing to to community not, you know, not like she was supporting you. That's why I asked for all this sort of, for your your in your salary during your residency. So just to make sure that you know, there was no support because that's, that's an important issue too.

Allen McK  1:51  
Yeah. I mean, I thought it didn't matter if it was in the bathroom, it's out of date or whatever. But so in in medical school, I had loans that were the equivalent of what I made in residency is that I really have 40 grand and loans for pay for tuition, but I also took out loans to cover bills. So it was about you know, I don't know how to get the exact figures but it was like probably 40 grand a year and in loans to act as my salary to contribute while medical school then when I got into residency, and I could find two years of tax returns I sent new in 2013. I made 39,000. Now, I made 43,000 She made 39 And then I saw 2014, she made 51 And I made 44 Something a little bit more. So I was about that. I certainly did if that argument is wanting to be made with a salary discrepancy has been a little bit more on her part. That's true because she had graduated was using working under her grades pa but then when we moved here in 2015, than it would have been the same situation reversed where she worked 20 hours a week for the five years that she was here. She was supposed to work full time half my loan wasn't legally documented. But then I would have been making the supporting her because she would be able to stay here on 20 hours a week wasn't to do it's extra childcare I that I should text either an argument the other day I said, Well, you know, why didn't the kids seem to prefer me and as well I did spend the vast majority raising them, you know, there was me doing the vast majority of the childcare and then she said well, I really regret that I let you do that. It was mostly me putting out putting kids to bed and you know, she of course contributed but she would go you know, at eight o'clock so she went to bed every night and I would take the kids overnight, their babies in residency in medical school. I mean, does that matter? I don't I mean, like some of the arguments she was making, I thought didn't matter, like, supported me during medical school.

Gorsha Sur  4:04  
It doesn't really I think it's all fluff. I mean, it's doesn't relate. I mean, it's not really relevant to the arguments to their requests, you know, to modify spousal support, but it gives some color and basically the color is that she's this you know, a woman who supported you throughout your, throughout your medical school and you know, and your residency and then but once you became sort of a certified doctor and you know, licensed doctor and start making all this money, now she is left out, you know, and you're you're living this rich life and she's poor thing. She you know, she was struggling to make to make your ends meet. So, that's, that's the sort of the color that they're trying to, you know, and the picture of the trend Japan, and that's why we need to, I have to I need to have sort of that information, so I can push back on that and paint a different picture, a true picture for the court.

Allen McK  5:08  
I don't know how many colors are needed, but the reality of that also was her father is a very successful urologist world renowned, published had a research lab that wealthy he supported her completely during the life up until actually, pretty much she graduated. I graduated medical school, and I did think I mentioned I offered to pay half the rent when I moved in. She was she was already being paid for by her dad. And he declined that but as far as everything else, I contributed to bills and childcare and stuff and that my salary was part of the you know, because if that's the argument, and she's she's going to cut into a large sum of money when he passes away at some point. I know it's not right now. I don't know if that adjusts things in the future. Like if you were to pass away and she received $2 million that change.

Gorsha Sur  6:07  
Now it doesn't change. Because I mean, he can change his wheel and I mean, we don't even know if she is

Allen McK  6:15  
I don't mean in the current moment at all. No,

Gorsha Sur  6:18  
that's not really I mean,

Allen McK  6:21  
what about received doesn't matter.

Gorsha Sur  6:23  
Well, she hasn't received it yet. So that would be that would be relevant. Yes, because that would sort of increase your financial circumstances. And you know, you're definitely right, but because she is I mean, the Father, your father is alive and she is not she has not received that inheritance. That's really relevant. Because it's up to you. I

Allen McK  6:46  
just want her to you know, future right.

Gorsha Sur  6:48  
I mean, he might donate all his wealth, you know, to you No,

Allen McK  6:51  
no, no, yeah. My point was during the war, the factual stuff, is her dad was supporting her completely even during the time I was living with her. I moved in and he was paying for everything for her as I could. I lived in the dorms and break that out until actual residency when we moved into a house because there's no proof that I was living with her during medical school. So we just call it residency and in that point, I had a salary that wasn't too far away from her.

Gorsha Sur  7:20  
Right and where, where did you go to residency again?

Allen McK  7:26  
So I was in South Miami it was a small community. Larkin, la RK i n Community Hospital. I studied, but it

Gorsha Sur  7:35  
was in Miami. Okay. My Okay. And what about your inheritance, the one that you mentioned

Allen McK  7:45  
I got so. So my mom thinks that my mom passed away in 2022 to a I got insurance, life insurance, like 640 $1,000 but that was after the data separations that matter. I mean, I put her

Gorsha Sur  8:04  
Yes. You should have included that in your irony.

Allen McK  8:08  
Oh, I didn't know. Yes. That was

Gorsha Sur  8:11  
That's the purpose of irony.

Allen McK  8:15  
I never even crossed my mind. I have.

Gorsha Sur  8:17  
Absolutely. So and I didn't know about it. So it's

Allen McK  8:21  
not sorry. No, I didn't it didn't occur to me that that would have anything to do with her because we've separated anyway.

Gorsha Sur  8:27  
Yeah. So it was $40,000. So you have $40,000 In addition to seven, you and your bank.

Allen McK  8:34  
I don't have any $40,000. I immediately put it around. I use it for court costs and put it on paying off debt. I don't have any money squirreled away anywhere

Gorsha Sur  8:45  
okay, I see. So you don't have that money you receive that money but you don't have actually you don't have that money. You spend it being okay to help. Oh, then it's fine. No, absolutely fine. So it just the your ID needs to reflect your current situation. So if you use that money, I would. Right and what which which death? Did you use the money to pay court costs?

Allen McK  9:07  
I mean, I paid credit, you know, I mean, went to I didn't I don't specifically remember I just paid on credit cards that I know I use that involved paying for legal fees for the first x parties.

Gorsha Sur  9:20  
All right, that's fine, too. So use the money to pay, you know, your legal fees and some of your personal loans. Did you use any of that money to pay to pay mortgage I mean, it's not really relevant but if you use it,

Allen McK  9:36  
I mean, it went into the pot. I mean, I could say if I had a pot full of money, how do I say what from where I didn't keep a separate account, right, withdraw. Typically, it didn't even occur to me that it matters.

Gorsha Sur  9:50  
I think it's it matters also, just to show again, to include it in your supplemental debt. Again, just to explain to the judge how that you know, that there's just no pile of money waiting. But again, it's not I mean, on the other hand, we were we have to be careful because the judge specifically mentioned that the our supplemental declaration needs to be limited to to the issue of change of circumstances. So it's okay, we're somewhat sort of stranded but I will see what I can do so maybe we can sneak it in some somewhere. So get him but again, just for color

Allen McK  10:30  
to make it really was as long

Gorsha Sur  10:32  
as you did not make its I was afraid that you still have that money and I was sitting somewhere separate bank account. I would have declared it Yeah, definitely. So but now it's

Allen McK  10:46  
okay, backing up to that I know that her parents have been given her money to give her every year they do not have 20 to 30,000 for each of the children. And that sense just as they do it to reduce their income for tax purposes and also a nice gift for them. I never, I never got any of that. And I specifically said no, I don't want to use that for that years of everyone with of course that I benefit indirectly during that time but of course it continues and I know they gave her money for lawyers fees and stuff so because that come into play like cuz she's getting financed from the parents.

Gorsha Sur  11:19  
You know, when when she received that last payment

Allen McK  11:24  
that I don't write but I know they I wrote during marriage

Gorsha Sur  11:28  
happened right. So that was during marriage that she was receiving that money.

Allen McK  11:35  
No, no, of course, yes. All through the marriage and it continues outside. Some separation. I remember going out to dinner with her parents after we separated kids. And I know that she mentioned that was a couple of years ago. She the annual unless there was a change in their circumstances which I don't think they are going to continue to give their children large sums of money every Hanukkah

Unknown Speaker  12:01  
okay

Gorsha Sur  12:03  
well, I don't really know it's we have no evidence of that. Maybe we didn't get could be maybe we need to do yes, we can do a request and just try to get all the you know your bank statements for the you know, since they

Allen McK  12:17  
really, you know, the picture is paying isn't quite accurate. Like I'm trying to withhold. I just want a reasonable settlement that I can allow me to live and I get remote and she's still benefiting from things I shouldn't have to pay for that I think is a cash value. I don't know medical insurance is like 800 bucks. a month. Right? She doesn't have to pay anything for the last three years. Money I've given her I can't deduct there anything with that. So I just stopped giving her money because I would be great.

Gorsha Sur  12:47  
No, you cannot stop giving him money. In fact, you have to give your and make it into separate payments. So 750 is one payment $1,000 for attorney fees and make a note you know in memo that bar that's part of the attorney fees payments so that effective December 1 $1,000 a month so that's that goes toward that order, so there's no confusion. What's happening gonna

Allen McK  13:11  
drop the 1000 down to 750.

Gorsha Sur  13:14  
Yes, drop at 750 effective December 1. So if you haven't still made payment for November, you know, keep the same you know, Baker 1000 whatever you normally Baker Yeah, and then the effective December 1, you know, 750 plus $1,000. So two separate payments, and then then we'll see what the court orders are on the right. Okay. All right. All right, Alan, do you want us to do a request for production of documents to get your financials?

Allen McK  13:51  
She Yeah, she hasn't given up her financial

Gorsha Sur  13:55  
Yes, just to get your financial you know, your bank statements just to see you know, your, your income and you know, those to catch those payments, that she was receiving them.

Allen McK  14:06  
I think it would help flesh out. Okay, what the reality is there instead of the port acting done by the judges know that people spend things right. I mean, how does that work? They know that they've been lawyers. Right. And I think everybody knows everybody's trying to paint a picture that isn't reality. Right? It doesn't matter. Just how does that mean? I didn't feel like you were exaggerating anything but that. I think she was making some weak arguments and some untruths about my refusal to do things I went to mediation in good faith. She had said, This is what I want. I sent you an email all I want is $1,000 a month. I don't need more than 1000 I don't need more than 25,000. So we've talked about for a while, and it was in writing that I didn't steal it from her and then she surprises me with this insane change. And that's a calamity. For me, and I didn't think it was fair and reasonable considering what she was leading me along, even though it wasn't legal, right. So she gets it but I was under operating under good faith right under those circumstances.

Gorsha Sur  15:15  
Yeah. And the arguments that he was making I mean, that implying some sort of conditions in the you know, your payment for 750. I mean, that's that should have been part of the agreement that it wasn't so and the courts saw that the judge saw that. The judge said I don't see any conditions here. It's just 750. So therefore, you have to show the change of circumstances, you know, in order for me to modify support order. So that's it. That's what it is. And of course, they're going to make an argument how, you know, if there was some sort of, you know, bad faith, you know, failure to negotiate which is not true. In fact, it was them who failed to negotiate in good faith yesterday, what I offered them to continue to stipulate, continue the hearing and discuss global settlement and they said, no, okay, well, fine. I mean, that's, if they want to make that argument that we can push back on that as well. So anyway, all right. Thank you, Alan. So much. And again, so we'll be in touch and yes, thanks so much. And if you have any questions, let me know. Okay, thank you. Gotcha. Okay, thank you. Bye bye. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
