Allen McK  0:00  
Next between ambassador's she wanted to say that she wanted to get the kids out of the blue take them till Friday which is fine to two to three. She wanted me to give her a weekend I can send you the text. I was trying to work on this. It wasn't very nice on both sides, a little parts of it, but I was just tired. So she's said I want to see the kids on weekends, because you don't get that too much. And I said I get them 52 to three I can follow the two to three this issue again you can't I shouldn't be penalized for not seeing the kids on the weekends because during the week I'm mostly working you know, blah blah blah. mentioned a school thing. I'm kind of you know, I'm not opposed to them entirely. Not going to school. In person. They're things about them being home. I don't like I mean, they're fine. You're doing good. They like it. But you know, there's some parts that are lacking, like the heavy more social stuff. That's irrelevant. But she had brought up to her Oh, I understand that there's wine in your house. And she said, Oh, it's cooking to same bottle and I said well, I was going to depression it was different bottles with different courts, but whatever. And then unasked. She mentioned that her boyfriend who I believe lives there. Almost positive. He's always there. She's live with him. I think the past several places that she just pretend like he doesn't live there. She was evicted out of the apartment for him living there. My son saw some paperwork two years ago with Annalise and stuff and then she got kicked out of her last place where she lived up the street from me. That's where that happened. So that ended up being a month ago where where he got punished just didn't kick that kick in which is really messed up. And I unexpected I almost wouldn't believe that except I'm not making it up. That was the only time but Bryce and she said out of the blue. Oh, Bryce rarely drinks and she bites alcohol. Maybe he has one drink the kids to feel uncomfortable around him. Talk to him. He feels he's disrespected. They don't. I said they can touch you things. I'm telling them not to talk to him. They have a history where she knows where he's scared my daughter if like three four years ago, the balloon that she was playing with other popular balloon, and I mean it sounds petty but it's still not cool and you're for and then told my wife to tell her to stop whistling you know I mean that's sounds pretty benign. That's fine. You never threaten them. But you know he did the birthday cake thing I told you about it which is pretty lame. It's been didn't say where his mom was when he asked in September. So the kid came back in from outside and his mom was sitting there eating eating a cake that was smashed with hot sauce on it because that it was a prank. So you know and then she taught he was in the mask. Okay, all the same stuff she was into minus injectable heroin. But at the time she told me she was afraid of and very concerned. doing weird stuff and I have plenty of text supporting that even sent a text to her cuz she said I was shocked and she said Bryce was drinking because she told me and she told my daughter before. Oh, he's he's a nice guy if he's so and I even have a text that says, well, when he's clean. He's a nice guy. He's upset that you won't talk to him like I'm gonna want to relationship with him isn't like from December of 2022. So I sent that back to her. It's like, oh, yeah, well, yeah, I'm a little concerned about that. And then the thing I didn't know what to do with the other thing with the spitting on and kicking thing one time, but yeah, so I was trying to tell that I was gonna email you and it asked me now you call that just figure out better use this opportunity.

Gorsha Sur  3:47  
So tell me a little bit more about this. Incident. So when? When Beth kicked in and speed on your son, so what really happened?

Allen McK  3:57  
So, so then, from what she tells me more than Maddie ever does, that. He doesn't listen to her. It would give her a hard time. You know, I don't see that. anywhere near what she's describing with me. You know, kids are gonna want to do that. But like she really was giving her a hard time and she just, I guess, lost her temper. He was sitting on the floor, and then you wouldn't do anything that she wanted to do it go somewhere, do something. And then instead that she spit on him and kick him in the back one time.

Unknown Speaker  4:34  
When did that happen?

Allen McK  4:37  
That was a few months ago. I have to say it wasn't it wasn't. memories aren't great and for the exact but it was when they lived when she lived in place until about a second. Ben. Hey, Ben, do you remember where it was when mom was in Pleasant Hill? That happened? It was it winter or was it we wearing heavy clothes? And then you wouldn't go to them where you wouldn't do what she wanted you do? It was why

so one time, but it's not cool. That's not appropriate. But then you didn't tell me all the time because you were afraid. I get mad.

Before right. No, I'm Pathan. Right. Never okay, because I had a hard time fixing that. So that's what sometimes when I'll be back, I'll be back in a minute. When she lived here

Gorsha Sur  5:58  
Yeah. So, by the way, just Ellen, just make sure that the kids are not you know, listening to our conversation because that's yeah.

Allen McK  6:09  
I just wanted to clarify that

Gorsha Sur  6:10  
they cannot absolutely not and we cannot discuss I mean, you cannot discuss the case in front of them. That's, that's child abuse. So So you know, anyway, and same as same with just yeah, I'm saying that you should not be discussing the case in front of the kids because that's child abuse. So that let, let me be clear. So just make sure Yeah, make sure that no yeah, of course right. I mean, you can of course you can discuss with them you know what happened? You know, you can ask them and all that but with respect to the case and you know, disparaging mom. Now we can't we cannot do that. So all right. So I did not hear what he said about why he didn't tell you about it.

Allen McK  7:00  
Oh, he was afraid that you get in trouble with her.

Gorsha Sur  7:04  
Okay, but that was several months ago, right.

Allen McK  7:09  
There was several months ago. She pierced Okay, probably not here if you're in my house but down the street. She lived a minute away.

Unknown Speaker  7:18  
Right? If you share renting now.

Allen McK  7:22  
She's renting. Yeah.

Gorsha Sur  7:24  
Is that like a two bedroom two bath

Allen McK  7:28  
is a three bedroom, two bath townhouse.

Gorsha Sur  7:35  
Okay, so, did I hear you correctly that Bryce does not leave with her? She kicked him out some time ago.

Allen McK  7:42  
No, no, she lives they live together. Okay, so have you tried to play it? She didn't tell me ahead of time. So like I said, like this is how it started. I found out about I knew there was a drug assigned online around the kids. That Okay, and then that she did have them around Maddie a few times, never around ban and then he was never there. She always made sure he laughed and that when she lived in Pleasant Hill, he was around a couple times and I was there and I saw that and I said Oh, was that Bryce she living here? I think you've submitted documents to court saying that number one, you are no longer in a relationship with him and number two, they would never be around the kids and you didn't even run it by me. You just had if you just snuck him in and then she was no longer around while they were there until it moved to Richmond and then he popped up out of the blue. And they think that she said something about like I'm gonna have to ask you to leave or something because I wonder if Scott window Bryce is living here. I don't know if he's on beliefs I mean, that would be a guarantee but the kid stays there all the time all the time and that they fight all the time. You know, I just don't think I need to be okay. With a great with him returning to drinking and now her saying I was just there for food like if you're at that level of substance abuse, you don't have wine in the house to cook with. That's really absolutely the road to relapse. All

Gorsha Sur  9:06  
right. Well, one thing we can do so the opposing counsel told me that he is going to ask the court to enforce two to three tomorrow. So I don't know how we can enforce that washing the chair. Well, exactly. So I don't know how you can enforce that. Because a mom was working allegedly 35 hours, which is, you know, in some counties, some jurisdictions that might be considered full time actually. So but anyway, so no one is going to watch the kids so but even the kids are in school. So that still presents an issue given you know, the presence of the boyfriend, and all that. So I need to know all we have to argue why that should not happen if the kids don't want to be there because of the boyfriend. So that's one thing if it's, you know, dirty and you know, just the conditions are, you know, unhealthy. So that's another issue. So there can be several issues why the kids don't want to spend time with their mom. And why two to three would not be feasible. But again, they he can ask to enforce that tomorrow. So anyway, again, if the kids don't want to be there, that's that's tough to do. I mean, it is I think, especially bank is old enough. To me to have a voice in the decision, whether it work he wants to spend his time and so the opposing counsel thinks that the only reason why the kids want to don't want to go and spend time with Mom is because they want to stay in the house. So and because you because you have the house and you occupy the house. That's why the kids you know want to stay there

Allen McK  10:55  
in our shoes random. Yeah, all right guys have the house I give them the stuff. I told that. I might leave the house if I have to live somewhere like a route I used to say would come I mean, they would come with me it's not the house. Right? It's you know, like that's pretty petty.

Gorsha Sur  11:13  
So So anyway, so that ties up to an issue of you know, whether homeschooled and all that and why you would refuse to sell the house and you know, and why. Why she Why didn't I'm just telling you what what I heard yesterday. Why didn't didn't shake up the house and you you know, you you you laugh? Yes, exactly. So that was that was that's that's clear, clearly an argument. So but the one option that I can if this happens tomorrow in court, so if we don't have a settlement, if he asks the court to enforce two to three, and we argue that the kids don't want to be there. So one, one way of dealing with that is actually to appointing as 730 experts. I don't know if you had had experience with that before, but basically it's a mediator, who would interview the kids, everyone and kind of make recommendations to the court based on you know, based in the best interest of the children. So yeah, that might not be a bad idea and when I mentioned that you kind of keep backtracked immediately, because clearly if the kids started telling him or him or her the 730 expert, you know, all the things that you're telling me. So the recommendations would not be for two to three. But again, I need to discuss before I request the core 2.27 30 expert tomorrow, I need your uh, your agreement to that because the cost might be split in half 5050. Or, you know, the court might say that you know, you have to pay because again because of the financial disparity with mother but one way or another, I mean, that's going to happen, but you would have to, you know, you'd have to be ready to to pay for it. So, if I get if I have you approval to make that request, I will because I think in the more sort of neutral people we can bring in the situation. I think the better it is because because a mama's is suspect, right. So despite pure going, you know, doing all the testing in the past and, you know, going through rehab in the past, there was a stipulation there is stipulation in place, providing that she'd done all that and two to two to three years. You know, we agree to that. So, so again, but I think, again, that having bringing in neutral in this in this situation might be a good idea, because again, it's I agree, yes, it's your word against hers, and you know, now they are playing this victim game so she is a victim, you know, and you know, financially abused and blah, blah, blah, and you know, and working hard and you're desperate father, who would not, you know, a mother you have the children you know, 50% of the times something that you got stipulated before, so that So, if I have your Okay, I will I will make that request tomorrow. Yeah, so, okay, good. Now getting back to the sort of this settlement proposal. Again, I don't know whether or not they're going to accept 3500 Because I think that's true. That is not an unrealistic number. And actually, it's based on actual calculations. But again, it's not going to happen without some sort of, you know, lump sum payment, whether it's attorney fees, is it scholarship as an attorney? I'm sorry,

Allen McK  14:52  
buying out the house side. So you know, in addition, there was a $200,000 offer and honestly, I that could come out of an unexpected place that isn't mine. So that's something I'm discussing with my while, I guess technically got divorced and allowed to be engaged. They wouldn't go with the judge. Private judge is talking about one option is fine, Beth, and not with my money because I don't have any.

Gorsha Sur  15:23  
So it does matter. I mean, it can be alone. I mean, if you get a personal loan, that's fine, too. And I would recommend that it's it's sort of legally it's alone. It's not a gift. Because then you're you're obligated to repay that and you know, and it would be like, you know, a small interest on that loan or whatever it is. So and, you know,

Allen McK  15:45  
I could take a loan from a PERT from a person it's like, yes, it's better to be alone for a buyout like if I took a loan from my fiance, right?

Gorsha Sur  15:53  
Yes. Well, of course. I mean, where are you going? Unless you have, you know, half a million dollar in the bank, which I don't think you do. Right, exactly. So where are you going to get the money? I mean, you can only if you want to keep the house you keep

Allen McK  16:07  
talking about buying but what could work with that you know, the die out for that 200,000 which is double what it was when she laughed, which she had agreed to but I know she didn't legally agree to it. So it's a wash but you know, because it makes more sense to buy this house and continue later than try to buy the same size with features with the interest rate. Of today but then that is on the law lease and some she had agreed to before with the mediator to stay on the mortgage and a form that allows her to be legally not responsible for anything but keep the rate which I doubt she's gonna want to do after all this rolls out so that you know, at the end of the day if the house goes goes you know, but they're so so if she couldn't be bought out by my fiance because I get gifted money or, or enter directly that matters. If I have a loan.

Gorsha Sur  17:01  
I think it Gleaner way of doing that would be through a loan so it is your you're the one who's paying the money. I mean, the where the money is gonna come from it doesn't really matter. But I mean, that can be a source of payment can be transferred from you know, your, your fiance bank account so that I mean, the money doesn't have to go through your account, but as long as you know, is someone else you know what, you know, again, as long as it's you're responsible for that money, having it constructed as a buyout by your fiance that's, I mean, nothing legally is there is nothing illegal about it. You know what I mean? So as long as there is an agreement in place, so again, I don't think this source of the money would be would be would be right so basically your your your fiancee would just a girlfriend would be just getting sort of security. In you know, in that payment. Yeah, I

Allen McK  18:06  
would like to have some right but it was whatever makes it right. So

Gorsha Sur  18:10  
right. If, if everyone agrees to that, that's fine, too. I think if we have an agreement in principle that you would buy out you know, at the so basically would look at the community property assets at the time of separation as of date of separation, and your degree to pay 50% Which is, you know, bath is entitled to have that, you know, so it's the value of the cause data separation minus the, the mortgage and liabilities, so whatever that the number is, so then we divided by two 50%. So

Allen McK  18:52  
that's the date of separation.

Gorsha Sur  18:53  
Right. And I think that's going to be major argument, which I think we can get, you know, get over so I think people don't even right, even legally, I think that I think the legal it can go both ways. So, but again, I think there's an argument to be made, because what so, I remember if I remember correctly, so the I have to look at the docs, but can you give me roughly so what was the the value of the houses the date of separation minus the liabilities. So what was the actual the assets?

Allen McK  19:29  
I don't know what the liability part is, but

Gorsha Sur  19:33  
just the mortgage mortgage balance basically at the date of separation.

Allen McK  19:37  
I have to I can get that information for you, but the value was like 100 is appreciated. $100,000 from when we buy in 2016 to when she last May of 2020 was 100 100 roughly $100,000 sort of allotted for one line. It was 100,000. At that point, it was probably what is that two years tax 40 was that $80,000 More, there's four is $840,000 left on a primary mortgage. secondary mortgage is the Kaiser home loan. I believe she's on the hook for some of it, which I could pull off with her that would subtract from what she's awarded. I'm happy to take her 55,000 and keep it to myself but subtract it from her like monthly thing maybe. Right if she's on the hook for that. I don't know how it works with that she on the hook only if the house is sold, because I have to pay Kaiser back 110,000 That was as long taken out during the marriage and 2016 to buy the house.

Unknown Speaker  20:43  
So it was that like a second mortgage on the house.

Allen McK  20:46  
Technically a second mortgage they gave me 110,000 With 10 years to pay back without interest and it's due in three years. I could probably end up with a payment plan on Kaiser and so it's not that big a deal on mine, but for her to cough up 55,000 I don't even want her to cough up 55,000 I want that monthly payment down. Right That would take the 3500 down to 3000 or something

Gorsha Sur  21:08  
Well, to me I mean the short answer is that yes, she is on the hook for that you know for half of that you know loan from Kaiser. So if you taking Have you been you haven't made any payments yet, right? Not on that loan, right because yes, because it's not due. Yeah, three more years. So, but she's, she's on a hook for that because it's community property debt. So she is on the hook for 55,000. So which needs to be discussed as well. So that's 50% of guys are alone. Did this money go to her down payment on the house?

Allen McK  21:49  
Yes, it was purely for the down payment on the house. Okay.

Gorsha Sur  21:53  
Now the only issue is so we need to so you're saying the date of separation. The value of the house was about 1.1. Right.

Allen McK  22:03  
So sorry, was purchased at one one. So it was like one two around the time that she was I can go back and look at it. on various websites that you know property value shows that over time, right and go backwards to 2020 and it was 100 and 110,000 100,000. They mean depending on the website. I don't have to have I know it's about 100,000 Because I offered her my half 50 Plus serve half 100 and said I'll give you another 25,000 on top to make it more enticing so I offered her 125,000 Which was 25 That's what it was as 100,000 It was 25,000 above including my half just saying you can have my half at the time you left instead of 50,000 you get 100,000 but a $25,000 bonus because I'm just trying desperately to get her to be leaving me in a position where I can have a house and stuff

Gorsha Sur  22:58  
right now. Well, argument yeah another argument why they might didn't bring bringing your girlfriend into the picture might not be a good idea because if she is buying into and let me explain why. If she is buying a house worth currently worth let's say what what is it worth right now like 1.5 1.6 is somewhere around here. Yeah

1.6 Right but she is paying only for the value of the house. Back to you know couple of years ago So basically she is buying at much lower rate into the cash value, you know, into the acids that are worth half $1,250,000 more. So clearly that's, you know, you see how it works unfairly. That's why I'm i If we but if we keep you out of the picture, so and that could be part of the deal that you have with her. So you take the loan, right. So and you don't mention that but maybe I mean, I certainly don't want to, you know, know about any sort of other agreement that you might have with her that provides that, you know, she has a security for that loan. She gets 50% of the you know, of the you know, assets and the present value in the house. So, again, I don't want to I don't want to know about it and it's in between between the US and Europe. But I think a much clearer sort of more clear argument here. A legal argument is that you separated, you know, in, you know, that separation so that on that date, the house was worth 100 to 1.2. So there was about an 800 110k and sort of first loan the downpayment loan plus another 840 or 850 $1,000 in mortgage so that leaves Yeah, that doesn't leave a lot of money. I mean, that's was like 100 I mean, your one 120 5k is not too far off the mark. You know what I mean? So, but

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
