Gorsha Sur  0:00  
Hi, no, no worries. So I don't know where I lost you, but I was just trying to do some calculations. So what I was saying is that you'll offer over 120 5k was not that far off the mark. You know, if we if we basing the calculations as of the date of separation, so the house was 1.2, they were 800 about 850 and mortgage plus 110k 950

Allen McK  0:31  
is 108 50. Now plus 210. So it was still pretty high.

Gorsha Sur  0:38  
Yes. So, I mean, there was not that whole of about 200 maybe last, you know, 1000 $100,000 of actual assets, you know, value in the house. So, your offer of 125 was not too far off the mark. But of course, they're gonna say that you know, you should be you know, you should be valuing the house as of the as of today now, yeah, because you know, because there was community interest and that, how's that appreciated since the date of separation? And it's not entirely wrong argument. I mean, again, it's, it really depends what the judge is going to do. So and banned, I'm afraid that you know, because of the Act equity or sort of from a legal standpoint, equity, you know, fairness that community would, the community although you did, you kept the mortgage payments, but you also kept the house so you you enjoy the exclusive possession of the house. And, you know, sort of there was some some sort of dispute going back and forth whether sell the house or not. But again, I do never ask you to sell the house. Right. But I I would say that it's leaning toward that the judge would probably what order validation as of today to allow the community increase the value in that in that house, although you kept the house up, and you made all the mortgage payments and you actually you were responsible for, you know, for that debt.

Allen McK  2:24  
So, the property taxes you didn't pay the property tax, right, that rolled into the mortgage,

Gorsha Sur  2:30  
right and but it all goes into the issue of reimbursement. So how much is used to be reimbursed for you know, for making mortgage payments and all that and taxes? And so, it's all it's all part of the equation. So but again, yeah, if you're now looking at this from the standpoint of your fiancee, I mean, she would be getting a fair deal. Or I mean, she would not be disadvantage, if she were to pay half of the current value, whatever that you know, community property value in the current house, so you know what I mean. So then, so now we're talking about instead of 125, now it's an extra $200,000. So now it's about 325. And again, these should be we will clean up the numbers, but this is very rough. So 325 Maybe if we offer 250 Because if you no discount on money value now, so maybe it's not a bad idea. Maybe it's not a bad offer because she was still being a Your fiance is still going to be ahead. It would feel fair to the opposing party and I will be able I think to kind of to couch it in better terms. And also, I mean, maybe if we agreed to some sort of cash payment, you know, for attorney fees and stuff like that, you know, to settle the case to bring it through this sort of audit over the, you know, the finish line to settle it, provided we agree on the buyout amount and on the spousal support amount. So, I think it's so feasible that we do that, but again, and we might be able even to continue or request a continuance tomorrow to allow for these discussions to take place. But it would have to be pretty pretty darn quick, you know, to kind of to, to come up with some sort of some sort of global settlement offer that would be acceptable to them and kind of, you know, considers all this issues in place. So let's say we offer $3,500 a month, so that would be child and spousal support for half term, the marriage. Beginning beginning on November, November 1 2003. So then we'll offer 50% of whatever you know, the current cash value of the house now. And again, you can probably structure that loan through a girlfriend without really disclosing what it is and we will put them on the hook for the geyser loan, as well as the you know, your mortgage. So, so that's current market value of the house too, as a buyout. And then I don't know if you want to, you know, throw in another like, I don't know 10k and attorney fees, payable over you know, 12 month period, that we can do that too. So just to sweeten the deal and to make sure that we and you have and you have N with respect to the child's custody. That might be a problem because it sounds like the one she wants 5050 But I don't really know. And the thing of it is that you cannot really waive you can waive spousal support, you cannot waive child support. So and I mean, you can agree to zero child support but you know, you cannot that's modifiable at any time. So until the kids, you know, are 18 years old. So in terms of custody, I mean, we can keep the actual schedule right now we can keep two to three we can, it doesn't really matter. I mean, it's just more of your comfort and the comfort of the kids. They want to do it. Maybe she wouldn't even follow that or maybe she wouldn't enforce it, but she might enforce it. You know what I mean? So all we can just base it on the real you know, an actual parenting time and say she has you know them over the weekend, alternating weekends, you know, Monday through Friday. I'm sorry, Friday through Sunday. And then, you know, two hours a week during the week every week. I mean, that's pretty much that's the same. That gives you sort of, you know, the pretty much the current schedule, maybe a little bit more time to her but again, it's not an unfeasible proposal, so yeah,

Allen McK  7:37  
I mean, because I don't want in the order or the kids why have you watched by thrice I mean the dude if you smash a birthday cake, I mean, he pouts jumps around pouting because they don't and I understand why was the annoying like they don't acknowledge if you were a ghost and you I you know, that is not that my direction that I said they can talk and if they want they are not going to I'm not encouraging that because I know the guy's past and I'm concerned especially now that that done on asked told me that he Oh, he treated to after she told me like he's gonna say he's clean and sober for me and he's cool. If he's sober, but watch out if he's drinking or using you know, what I mean? So that is alarming. And I don't want my kids around that guy. I have nothing to do with him personally, if he were some other dude from a, you know, I don't know, Jesuit priest or you know, something where I didn't have that background. I wouldn't be as concerned but I know this guy. He's got a criminal record. And one is like wrongful imprisonment. I guess he's his girlfriend. I mean, it's all online. If he was if he was on probation now, I'm not sure. But I don't owe him if he's asking me to like, talk to him, because he's a cool guy. He should just be like, that's not going to happen. And I'm not going to have my kids. If they don't want they don't like they don't want to be around him. They don't like going over there and they fight a lot. You're always yelling. It's a mess. They the mess that I'm clear on how messy it is. My house is messy. This is worse than that.

Gorsha Sur  9:11  
Well, we can write we can add a provision stating that if the kids don't want to want to refuse the visit, they can you know what I mean? So basically you will you continue to have joint legal I think that she's not going to agree to you know, you're having not so legal so that would be joint legal weekend kind of put it that you have sole, sole physical, and then Mom has those visitation rights and the kids can you know, refuse to visit you know, because I think they're especially Ben Ben Ben is old enough, you know, to to kind of just say I don't want to go there. So with Matt is a little bit more difficult because she's eight, you know, so that's Yeah, but again, giving it giving this choice to the kids and putting in them putting it into stipulation agreement or into into judgment. I think that's, that's completely reasonable, especially as Matt is going to get older and all both of them are gonna get older and you know, kind of become a more of a stakeholders in this whole discussion, you know, where they want to leave and stuff,

Allen McK  10:23  
right. Reminds me one weekend she got so mad at them that she basically excommunicated them inside the cheese down with them didn't want them over anymore. And she's not going after unrequited love and stuff and then a couple days later, she want to back but like, you know, she is she's operating where she didn't have Bryce apologize. She made excuses for price. So it's a practical, you should talk to him. You know, it wasn't like getting it like there's never I don't know if you have any experience with anybody who has true substance abuse problems. They can't usually have you know, a beer occasionally like the harm reduction not just once in a while thing. It almost invariably and I watched it with that leads back down and she was never really clean, sober the whole time I met her but she just drank up and some pills, you know, like benzos or alcohol up until she met Bryce and then it was off to the races with very alarming substances and behaviors and overdose in the hospital. You know, price punched her in the head to because she wouldn't respond was not responsive. And she said, Oh, he saved my life. I'm sure he called 911 but he flipped out because she was not apparently breathing. And then she was admitted with aspiration pneumonia. She was probably close to not doing very well. And all of that in the driving us around when we were still married drunk. You know, there's been a history of stuff that I guess I could have. I didn't know what to do and the kids were babies I couldn't take care of myself. So I contain the situation just stayed here and drank and fell asleep on the couch and came home from work early. I think this was yours. wasn't that bad before we moved here it was just once in a while but you know, I I'm traumatized by all of that and I don't want that I really don't want anything to happen to my kids. And when they're there I don't really know what's really going on and I don't really know she Oh, no think that's everything she said she's drinking using it for cooking. But Maddie told me that she made an offhand comment or whose boss had a migraine. She said I don't think it's the wine. I mean, she wasn't necessarily saying it to Maddie but to herself, I guess. And then the other thing was, Bryce said that admitted as an attempt last night. Well, the chief said the reason that your mom is getting drunk at it. I don't think I think you'd ever assume now that I don't know if you've met in the past, but there's wine there. Now, there's a reason your mom gets strong just because you don't love her. So I'm assuming that she's getting drunk and she's hiding because she was a masterful job, you know, on the outside, you know? parents didn't know what was up until your heart drugs got involved and she dropped a bunch of weight anyways, there's just a variable there. I don't want to screw up. You know, I'm trying to make her not you know, want to go for the throat but she's going through the throat there and after I found out that about this fitting Kate, I just there's no reason for me to put anything about the kids there. As much as she could get, you know, retribution out you know, the dude threatened my life when she met him. You want me to kill him for you? I mean, that was like three years ago. I have a video you know, my house. I had like the audio if I needed that drag that out but it's hearsay, right? He didn't say it to me. But you know, there's just that period with a with a criminal record. And the kids don't really like going over there. I wanted them to have a good relationship with their mom. I don't want to take them away from her. I just want them to be safe. Right now evil person, but this isn't just like placating her. Bryson. He lives there. I think that has something to do with the amount of war that she can receive too. Right if you live there, because he lives there. You may I don't know if he's on the East Sea. Exactly. The procured I doubt it because he doesn't work. But I, you know, I'm tired of being afraid of you know, like, oh, well, you know, it doesn't happen and he comes over time math comes over the guy and he's there was a point where she told me how he has gone she was doing stuff with the mafia or you know, you don't even know is you know, she was trying to say to retract that saying that attacks where she's texting me no guns, there are no guns. So I have proved everyone went through the other court thing. I don't know if you have access to all those records, but I had to present a big case about why I wanted to request full custody temporarily because of the situation that she would put the kids in. She still doesn't see that right. Right. Anyway, sorry.

Gorsha Sur  14:51  
No, I understand that. So and clearly. Whatever happened in the past, the one thing that works really against our case is that there was this stipulation in which and 21 I think in which you said okay, Mom is you know, has gone through all this therapist and drug testing and now she's sober and now she can only have two to two to three, so that really works against us, but anything new that you know, happened since then that's definitely you know, relevant and material information. I

Allen McK  15:28  
was happy to jump through the hoops legal not be over mom. I mean, you know, no, totally, totally like I could do I don't want to take the kids are really terrible, but it's putting them in harm's way you're telling me that she's just cooking, cooking with that wine issues? She knows better? Don't have wine anywhere near somebody and not only just drinking once in a while, come on. I don't believe that and it's alarming because it's that's usually you know, I'm gonna have a drink you know, it's just an unknown. And the dude's volatile. And he's Johnny she already admitted that I had plenty of other tax explain where she's like, Yo, he is paranoid scaring me. We will only go to rehab. He called me and was like, she's not going and like she was driving around or She was pretending it didn't want to go. But she presented if and she told me that she was students. She asked to come and stay with me a couple of times. I can produce texts where she's like, I'm not gonna feel safe with them. Can I sleep in your driveway? And I'm like, No, you can't go get a hotel. I don't want you to be that Luer for your crazy drugged out boyfriend, you know? So I have texted all of that stuff. It's, it's old. But you know, anyways, so I think and then yeah, okay. So all right. Yeah. And then 7030 expert or whatever

Gorsha Sur  16:44  
you said yeah. 730 experts. So, but again 730 expert becomes relevant and I think necessary, if we don't have sort of a global settlement, then we go through this hearing tomorrow and they asking for, you know, 5050 or to enforce two to three. Yeah, so that's our sort of argument, you know, as asking the court to consider that and maybe a stay that two to three until we have 730 experts you know, or do it in parallel and have returned hearing like and you know, in three, four months, you know, when, when the expert has a chance to discuss this you know, to interview the keywords and, you know, to provide recommendations, so, we can do all that. And but, in the meantime, so for but again, for settlement purposes, would you like me to make that offer and again, I'll put it on the email so you can take a look at that. And if I have if you have, if you give me your Okay, I'm gonna get in touch with the opposing counsel and try to either probably continue tomorrow's hearing and give us a chance to kind of to come up with a more global settlement. Or, you know, just drop the hearing altogether, but I don't if they accept that, you know, I don't know what they want to do, but I think it's, it would be interesting enough for them to kind of say, okay, at least let's continue and let's explore this. And again, I can I can make it contingent upon, you know, continuing tomorrow's hearing.

Allen McK  18:20  
Okay, then there was that the kids don't want to go they can refuse things right.

Gorsha Sur  18:24  
Yes. And I think that's very important. So they have the right to refuse visit.

Allen McK  18:30  
The other thing, I guess was, so I don't remember saying 3000 Maybe I did, but 3500 That's better than 5000 For sure. I'm afraid like, is it typical in these kinds of negotiations, like they come up with a number and they think you're low balling and so they go hot, like, I'm already

Gorsha Sur  18:47  
absolutely but again, I have normally it's if you agree on the fundamentals, then I think it's easier to accept or denies or to offer. So and here it is. The number is based actually based on the income she reported in your in income and expense declaration, your income that report in your income and expense declaration, plus the actual visitation schedule. So and, and again, this is very sort of the they will have a hard time arguing that the court is not going to or the court is going to reject this, because it's I mean, it's it is what it is and it's based on real numbers. So in the court would have to consider this and what it does, it comes up with 3034 47 But we just rounded up to 3500 but because they because they said their expectations so high. I think it would be hard for them to come down from their imaginary $7,000 which I think is completely unreasonable. But you know what, that was

Allen McK  19:58  
wrong, but that was absolutely wrong. I didn't think that was accurate. I thought your 5000 was accurate.

Gorsha Sur  20:05  
Right? So So anyway, so but I think again, that's and the because they're asking for attorney fees, because they asked him for attorney fees of 30 30k which I don't think it would be awarded but some some attorney fee is giving them this financial disparity is you know, they're

Allen McK  20:23  
gonna go if you say 10 And they say 15 When we say seven, and they say 10. And then that's fine. I know I'm not gonna get out of it with nothing. So 3500 And then what about what we take away? I don't know where that 55,000 Kaiser loan works, and we take that away, I think they would drop it to like 3000 a month and 3000 a month. is something that I will be able to manage, not like yay, I mean, that's a mortgage. But better than five better than seven that you know,

Gorsha Sur  20:53  
well actually that might be a good i good proposal. Again, that's part of the discussion because it actually it would benefit you shouldering the well, but it would benefit you to again, I don't know much about the Kaiser alone, because they might have some sort of argument why it should not be considered at all so but based on what you're what you're telling me is that that loan was taken during the marriage, you know, as a down payment for the house. That's legit community property debt. So in both of you responsible for 5050 Now if you take it on your half $55,000 for that, so that's in lieu of reducing your spousal support from 3500 to 3000. That actually benefits her because that just roughly because the support is payable for half the term of marriage, which is about what is it like four and a half years right? So four and a half years, so that's I need to I need to my calculator. So anyway, so that's 12 by 14. So that's 12 by four is what is it for you? 48. So 4948 months by $500. So that's $24,000 and you're giving you're taking on here 55. So it's actually, again, add benefits here $30,000 Roughly, or something so

Allen McK  22:27  
maybe reduced it by even more than were 25.

Gorsha Sur  22:31  
I mean, I don't think they will go for it. You have to you have to I think I actually I don't think they'll go below 35 But again, that's that it's all part of negotiation, but I need to start with something that

Allen McK  22:47  
it's above 3500 I might as well go to court, because if they get 5000 I'd rather make her work for it. And she doesn't want to go to court. She's not going to want to be scrutinized for the past or some of the current stuff going on. And she'll get stressed out and probably make some poor decisions. I can't I mean, there's about where I can't I just can't afford it. It's a terrible lot of money. I mean, my take home is you know, find out that it's okay.

Gorsha Sur  23:13  
Yeah. So but I think the real sort of real issue is whether or not you're ready. You know the money provided by your fiance or why to buy fair out of the current home of, you know, at current market value. So I think once once we do that, I think everything else become sort of very, very brief erased.

Allen McK  23:40  
Okay, does it make sense to remove that like sage? That's like 1.6, so that would still be 250,000 each and then subtract that 55,000 from that. That seems like that would make sense. So it's 250 She gets 200,000

Gorsha Sur  23:57  
Well, I think it's more than 250. Right? So if we have if it's 1.6, and the mortgage amount is eight 850

Allen McK  24:06  
was one one. So it only appreciated 500.

Gorsha Sur  24:11  
Right, well, but

Allen McK  24:13  
it gets value there when somebody comes through,

Gorsha Sur  24:15  
right. So the way to do it is to take the current market value, deduct the liabilities, which is the mortgage, we'll need to produce the statement, you know, showing the current balance. So let's say it's 850. So that's

Allen McK  24:29  
150 plus the 110 times your loan, right?

Gorsha Sur  24:33  
Yes. Yes, right, right. So and then then you you know, you do a recap of that, so So that's about Yes. So 300,200 about to 250, right, roughly. So again, yeah, so that but that's what we kind of it internally discussing, and but in the offer that we're making to make it appealing. We have to say that we're going to get sort of the you know, the current estimate of the home, you know, produce all the statements you know, that show the amount of liability. Then again, the I would rather be because you also I mean you're owed a little bit of money and reimbursements. That's that sort of you'd have to be a radius or have to eat it up. And because you did live in a house, I know you paid tax on the house, which is a little bit different than just the regular mortgage payments. But again, let's say you you take all that you assume all that and then it can work towards you know, sort of to either get a term of the attorney fees, or just lower the attorney fees offer. So you know, down to eight and I'll say when you $500 Or you know, $6,000 paid, you know, over the next six months or something like that. $1,000 So, I don't know. Again, again, I'm really locked. You what

Allen McK  26:18  
I'm lost. I mean, it's kind of a lot, you know, you're more facile with it than I am I don't know,

Gorsha Sur  26:24  
I'll put it in the email for you and you take a look and get back to me. You know, once you get a chance to review that so I can there is still some time left today for me to get

Allen McK  26:37  
back to where we discussed that.

Gorsha Sur  26:41  
I'm sorry, you broken up.

Allen McK  26:45  
But it's better than 5000. The $7,000 7400 was not accurate, was it?

Gorsha Sur  26:52  
Well, based on the calculations, I mean,

Allen McK  26:55  
well, isn't there just a calculation that well it's

Gorsha Sur  26:59  
again, it's all about the inputs and the inputs they used is they put more so a little bit more of what that you're actually making in your calculations. So they put last that what they were supposed to put in here calculations. And then But then and then they put the what really does it is 5050 custody, and they're saying that you have your 250 based on two to three and which is not the case. But that's that's the argument because that's the argument. Yeah, but I'm just I'm just explaining to you, their inputs can

Allen McK  27:35  
give me Yeah, no, I understand what you're doing. Right. And also, I don't get along with your lawyer before he was a lawyer. We had a run in when he was a PA at her work where he thought I was disrespecting him by not acknowledging and to say hi to him. I was like they were a little too friendly and I was like, okay, whatever. And then they were talking in front of me in the office about me and I called him out right there in front of people. Like do you have something to say to me? Is there something you want to talk about? Because you're looking at me and you're being weird, you know, if he didn't like that interest just in case that plays into it at all.

Gorsha Sur  28:14  
I mean, so far it hasn't come up, but you know, it's good to know. Yeah,

Allen McK  28:17  
well, I couldn't imagine that. He would say that. Hey, I know he

Gorsha Sur  28:21  
didn't. Surprising. Surprisingly, he didn't mention anything.

Allen McK  28:27  
No, I could imagine that was unprofessional. Bring his judgment into question.

Gorsha Sur  28:31  
Right. All right. Let me Okay, so give me like few minutes to put together an email with a settlement offer and then yeah, let me know if I can make that offer to the opposing counsel and see, you know, they would you know, they'll be willing to continue tomorrow's hearing. All right.

Allen McK  28:50  
I appreciate it.

Gorsha Sur  28:52  
Thank you so much. Oh, okay. I'll talk to you soon. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
